Write a program to reverse a string in JavaScript.

Write a program to check whether a string is a palindrome.

Find the largest number in an array in JavaScript.

How do you remove the first element from an array in JavaScript?

Write a program to use a callback function.

Write code to create an arrow function.

Write a program to add a property to an object.

Write a program to delete a property from an object.

What will be the output of: console.log([1, 2, 3].reduce((a, b) => a + b));?

What will be the output of: console.log('gfg'.repeat(3));?

What will be the output of: console.log(1 + '2');?

What will be the output of: console.log('6' - 1);?

What will be the output of: console.log(1 === '1');?

What will be the output of: console.log(null == undefined);?

Write a program to find the sum of elements in an array.

Write a program to check if a number is prime.

Write a program to print the Fibonacci sequence up to n terms.

Write a program to find the factorial of a number.

Write a program to calculate the power of a number.

Write a program to print the frequency of elements in an array.

Write a program to count the occurrences of a character in a string.

Write a program to convert Celsius to Fahrenheit.

Write a program to convert Fahrenheit to Celsius.

Write a program to sort an array in ascending order.

Write a program to sort an array in descending order.

Write a program to merge two arrays.

Find the intersection of two arrays.

Find the union of two arrays.

Write a program to check if a number is even or odd.

Write a program to find the minimum value in an array.

Write a program to check if a string contains another string.

Find the first non-repeated character in a string.

Find the longest word in a string.

Write a program to capitalize the first letter of each word in a sentence.

Convert an array of strings to uppercase.

Write a program to reverse an array.

Write a program to get the last element of an array.

Write a program to remove falsy values from an array.

Write a program to calculate factorial using recursion.

Create an object and print one of its properties.

Use the map() function on an array.

Write a program to create a simple class in JavaScript.

Use JSON to parse and stringify data.

Convert a string to an array of words.

Write a switch statement in JavaScript.

Write a program to check if two strings are anagrams.

Find the maximum difference between two numbers in an array.

Write a program to remove duplicates from an array.

Write a program to count vowels in a string.

Write a program to get unique characters from a string.